<p>[Optional] Vagrant By Julien Barbier Weight: 1 Ongoing project - started 02-02-2022, must end by 02-17-2022 (in 8 days) - you&apos;re done with 50% of tasks. Checker was released at 02-02-2022 12:00 AM QA review fully automated. Concepts For this project, students are expected to look at these concepts: Source code management Git and Github cheat sheet - Everything in less than 30 seconds The Framework Using Vagrant on your personal computer Approaching a Project Resources Read or watch: Zero day Virtual machine man uname Resources to learn Git About READMEs How to write a Git commit message Learning Objectives At the end of this project, you are expected to be able to explain to anyone, without the help of Google: General What is a zero-day What is a virtual machine What is Vagrant Who wrote Vagrant What is Ubuntu What does &ldquo;Ubuntu&rdquo; mean How to use VMs with Vagrant What does the command uname do What is source code management What is Git What is GitHub What is the difference between Git and GitHub How to create a repository What is a README How to write good READMEs How to commit How to write helpful commit messages How to push code Requirements General A README.md file at the root of the repo, containing a description of the repository A README.md file, at the root of the folder of this project (i.e. 0x00-vagrant), describing what this project is about More Info Install git If git is not already installed on your terminal: $ sudo apt-get update $ sudo apt-get upgrade $ sudo apt-get install git Basic usage At the end of this project you should be able to reproduce and understand these command lines: $ git clone $ touch test $ git add test $ git commit -m &quot;Initial commit&quot; $ git push origin main Warning This project can&rsquo;t be done in Sandboxes - it can be done only in your local computer. Please refer to our concept pages for your operating system. Quiz questions Show Tasks 0. Create and setup your Git and GitHub account #advanced You will need Git for this project, you might have to install it on your computer if it&rsquo;s not done yet. Configure your basic info (name, email) on your local machine &ndash; they will be part of your commits. Tips On GitHub.com: Using the graphic interface on the website, create the repository (if it&rsquo;s not done yet) Description: This is my first repository as a full-stack engineer Public repo: zero_day No README, .gitignore, or license On your computer, open a terminal and do the following: Navigate to your home directory. Tips Create a directory zero_day. Tips Navigate to this new directory. Tips Initialize git and add the remote origin Create a file README.md with Emacs (or other command line editors) and write a small Markdown text to present this project. This file is mandatory in projects Add this new file to git, commit the change with this message &ldquo;My first commit&rdquo; and push to the remote server / origin (Note: You will probably need to set your login/password to push to the remote server) Good job! You pushed your first file in your first repository of the first task of your first School project. Repo: GitHub repository: zero_day File: README.md 1. Hello Ubuntu #advanced Inside the zero_day repo, create a new directory called 0x00-vagrant. Add a README.md file to this directory. ssh into your Ubuntu VM. What does the command uname print when you run it without any option? Type your answer into a file in the 0x00-vagrant directory and push it to GitHub. Name your file accordingly as shown below. Repo: GitHub repository: zero_day Directory: 0x00-vagrant File: 0-hello_ubuntu</p>
<p><br></p>